I'll now show you the cost function for
the Softmax.
You'll understand why it
is a cost function and
you'll see why you are learning it.
You basically have to predict
one of the possible words.
In order for you to be able to
predict one of these V possible words,
you need to minimize
a certain cost function.
In this video, you'll understand what
cost function you are minimizing and
while you're doing that,
so let's take a look.
Consider a machine learning model.
A single training example made of
an input and a true target and
the value predicted by
the model based on the input.
It has a loss function which measures
the air between the prediction and
the true value for a single input training
example with the continuous bag of
words model for a set of input
context words represented by vector X.
For which the actual value is the vector Y
that represents the actual central word.
The prediction is the vector white hat.
The objective of the learning process
is to find the parameters that minimize
the loss given the training data set.
In the case of the continuous
bag of words model,
the parameters being adjusted by the
learning process are the waiting matrices,
W1 and W2 and
also the bias factors B1 and B2.
The last function you'll be
using is the cross entropy loss.
I won't get into the theory.
You should just know that
the cross entropy loss function
is often used with classification
models which often go hand in
hand with the softmax output
player in your own networks just
like the one you're using in
the continuous bag of words model.
If you've already worked with logistic
regression, you probably already
know a simple form of the cross
entropy loss function, AKA log loss.
When there are just two classes
with the notation I used for
the continuous bag of words model.
The formula for cross entropy loss for
a training example is J
equals the negative of the sum over
K from one to V P of Y K times
the log of Y hat K, as an example,
consider the input context
towards I am because I were
the actual central word is happy.
The corresponding vector is this vector
Y with A1 in the royal correspondence
with you weren't happy.
The prediction could be this vector Y
hat as the largest value is in the Euro
corresponding to the word happy.
This vector would be interpreted as
predicting happy as the central word which
is the correct prediction in this case.
So let's calculate the cross entropy loss.
The log of Y hat is this vector
multiplying each element by
the corresponding element of
Y gives us this vector and
I'm using the circle dot to
the note element Ys multiplication.
No, there's only one non zero
value which is negative 0.49.
The sum is therefore this value and
the loss is minus the sum, so 0.49.
Now, what if the prediction was wrong?
Say that the predicted vector was 0.96,
0.01, 0.01,
0.01 predicting am Instead of happy,
the log would be this
factor multiplying element twice
by Y would give us this vector.
Then the sum is negative 4.61 and
the loss is negative 1 times this.
So positive 4.61.
So you can see that the losses larger
when the prediction is incorrect,
more generally the cross entropy loss
boils down to negative one times the log
of the value of the prediction element
corresponding to the actual center word.
So if you plot the cross entropy loss as
a function of the value of the prediction
for the actual central word, you can
see that if the model is predicting
correctly with a Y hat value closer to 1,
then your loss will be closer to zero.
This is because log of 1 is equal to zero.
If on the other hand, the model is
predicting incorrectly, then the Y hat for
the actual word will be closer to zero,
resulting in a high lost value.
The reason for
this is that the limits of log X as
X approaches zero is minus infinity.
So for the loss which uses negative 1
times the log as Y hat approaches zero.
The loss approaches positive infinity.
So the loss is rewarding
correct predictions and
penalizing incorrect predictions.
You have computed the cross entropy
loss for one training example, and
have seen the plots of the cross entropy
loss versus the actual prediction.
In the next video,
we will be looking at the forward
propagation of the Cibao model.